docs: readme for 0.3.0 (#175)
hashicorp/terraform-mcp-server: README.md

## Features

- **Dual Transport Support**: Both Stdio and StreamableHTTP transports with configurable endpoints
- **Terraform Registry Integration**: Direct integration with public Terraform Registry APIs for providers, modules, and policies
- **HCP Terraform & Terraform Enterprise Support**: Full workspace management, organization/project listing, and private registry access
- **Workspace Operations**: Create, update, delete workspaces with support for variables, tags, and run management
- **Authentication & Security**: Built-in authentication for HCP Terraform/TFE with configurable CORS and rate limiting
- **Dynamic Tool Registration**: Intelligent tool discovery and registration based on available services
- **Container Ready**: Docker support with secure base images for easy deployment

> **Security Note:** At this stage, the MCP server is intended for local use only. If using the StreamableHTTP transport, always configure the MCP_ALLOWED_ORIGINS environment variable to restrict access to trusted origins only. This helps prevent DNS rebinding attacks and other cross-origin vulnerabilities.

> > **Security Note:** Depending on the query, the MCP server may expose certain Vault data, including Vault secrets, to the MCP client and LLM. Do not use the MCP server with untrusted MCP clients or LLMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Security Note:** Depending on the query, the MCP server may expose certain Terraform data to the MCP client and LLM. Do not use the MCP server with untrusted MCP clients or LLMs.
```
